docs(components): update documentation on components (#1583)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/forms/FORM_STRUCTURE.md

            3. [Include Custom Validations](#custom-validators)
                1. [Validators definition](#custom-validators-definition)
                2. [Apply validators ](#custom-apply-validators)

>                 3. [Validators translations](#custom-validators-translations)

Reviewer: Structure is too complex for one page and causes issues in the structure

  * trigger the form submit
  * check the form validity
  * use an event emitter to propagate the form value to the container
* The container should intercept the propagated value and execute the submit logic
<a name="data-exchange-complex"></a>
#### Complex cases
This case includes the simple case plus the display of a messages panel containing the form errors and the flexibility to submit from the presenter or from the page.
* The presenter containing the form should:
   * implement [ControlValueAccessor](https://angular.io/api/forms/ControlValueAccessor). It will propagate all the __value/status changes__ done inside the __presenter form object__ to the parent, in our case the container.
    In this way it will behave as an __HTML input element__ on which we can __apply__ the [ngModel](https://angular.io/api/forms/NgModel) directive, or we can bind a [FormControl](https://angular.io/api/forms/FormControl#description).

>    * implement [Validator](https://angular.io/api/forms/Validator) interface, if your form validators are only synchronous or [AsyncValidator](https://angular.io/api/forms/AsyncValidator) interface if the form needs asynchronous validators. See [FORM_VALIDATION](./FORM_VALIDATION.md) for more details about validation in Otter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * implement [Validator](https://angular.io/api/forms/Validator) interface, if your form validators are only synchronous or [AsyncValidator](https://angular.io/api/forms/AsyncValidator) interface if the form needs asynchronous validators. See the [Otter form validation documentation](./FORM_VALIDATION.md) for more details.
```

>       * Implementing this interface gives us the possibility to define, in the __validate__ method, the error object model which will be propagated to the parent/container. See [FORM_ERRORS](./FORM_ERRORS.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Implementing this interface gives us the possibility to define, in the __validate__ method, the error object model which will be propagated to the parent/container. See [the form error documentation](./FORM_ERRORS.md) for details.
```

* The container will apply a [Form Control Directive](https://angular.io/api/forms/FormControlDirective) to the presenter form to have the possibility to:
   * set the default value for the presenter form object if needed.
   * listen to the valueChanges if needed
   * listen status changes if needed
   * easily get the errors propagated by the presenter

We prefer to use the __formControl__ rather than __ngModel__ because we can easily listen to the valueChanges or status changes of the presenter form.

> Another constraint is that it's easier to identify the container context for the CMS, with one implementation (See [Component Replacement](../components/COMPONENT_REPLACEMENT.md) for details about the component context).

Reviewer: What do you mean "with one implementation"?

* __inline errors__ are handled here (see [FORM_ERRORS](./FORM_ERRORS.md) for details about the error messages translations)
* form validity will be checked here
* it will trigger the submission and emit the form value

The container:
* capture the form value emitted
* execute the submit logic

The difference from the default implementation of the [forms in angular](https://angular.io/guide/reactive-forms) is that we have to emit the form value from the container to the presenter,
using an [@Output](https://angular.io/api/core/Output) event.
Another difference might be related to the custom validators, which we are suggesting to be created in the container because they can be related to the business logic
(Please have a look at the dedicated section for the forms validators: [FORM_VALIDATION](./FORM_VALIDATION.md)).

<a name="adding-complexity"></a>
#### Adding complexity
In addition to the simple case, if we need an __error message__ panel, which can be displayed anywhere in the page,
or we need  __form submission__, done from the page, we came up with the following implementation.

<a name="basic-structure"></a>
##### 1.Basic structure

> The form created in the presenter and the default value should have the same contract. The contract of a form is an interface which defines the form controls names and the type of the value which should be handled by each control. See the example of a component creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The form created in the presenter and the default value should have the same contract. The contract of a form is an interface which defines the name of the form controls and the type of the value which should be handled by each control. See the example of a component creation.
```

ngOnInit() {
    this.subscriptions.push(
      // Subscribe to any change done to the value of the form control applied to the presenter
      this.mainFormControl.valueChanges.subscribe((value) => console.log(value)),
      // Subscribe to the status change of the form control applied to the presenter
      this.mainFormControl.statusChanges.subscribe((value) => console.log(value))
    );
  }
```

>    * Register the form control in the template context to be recognized if we change the presenter. See [COMPONENT_REPLACEMENT](../components/COMPONENT_REPLACEMENT.md) for details about the template context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Register the form control in the template context to be recognized if we change the presenter. See [the component replacement documentation](../components/COMPONENT_REPLACEMENT.md) for details about the template context.
```

  }
}
```
* __Submit and Intercommunication__

In Otter context we have to handle specific cases for form submit and communication between __presenter/container/page__
For the submit action we have to support 2 cases:
* __submit from page__ (app level) - there is no submit button in the presenter and the submit action is triggered at application level
  * The __page__ triggers submit action > __Container__ receives the signal and executes the submit logic. Emits an event when the submit logic is finished.

  This is useful when you have multiple forms on a page and you want to trigger the submit for all in the same time.
* __submit from presenter__ - the submit button is displayed

>   * __Presenter__ - click on submit btn and emits an event > __Container__ receives the signal and executes the submit logic. Emits an event when the submit logic is finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * __Presenter__ - click on submit button and emits an event > __Container__ receives the signal and executes the submit logic. Emits an event when the submit logic is finished.
```
